# General
initial-window = false
scrollback-limit = 4294967295
auto-update = check
term = xterm-256color

# Theme
theme = noctis

# Font
font-family = Moralerspace Neon NF
font-size = 14
font-thicken = true
adjust-cell-height = 3

# Cursor
cursor-opacity = 0.1
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = true
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

# Window
background-blur-radius = 10
background-opacity = 0.8
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
window-padding-balance = false
window-padding-x = 20
window-padding-y = 10

# Clipboard
clipboard-paste-bracketed-safe = true
clipboard-paste-protection = true
clipboard-read = allow
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true
clipboard-write = allow
copy-on-select = false

# Quick Terminal
keybind = "global:cmd+shift+space=toggle_quick_terminal"
quick-terminal-animation-duration = 0
quick-terminal-autohide = false
quick-terminal-position = bottom
quick-terminal-screen = main
